What happens if I fail in diversifying?
Or what happens if the diverse thing doesn't catch fire like we thought?
The first thing we need to do is allow for a disconnect.
It's okay if something doesn't catch on.
And if we think about the reasons why something may not catch on,
it isn't always about the diversity of the thing.
Promised Land may have been a fantastic show at the wrong time.
The 1980s were a very different time.
There was lots of competition in the nighttime soap opera.
So maybe that was the soap for its time.
There was a lot less competition.
However, across all the media,
you didn't have streaming in the 1980s,
you didn't have the plethora of TV shows that we have now.
So maybe it wasn't because the cast was Latin,
or the cultural background was Latin.
It could be that Falcon Crest had a lot fewer things to compete against
than Promised Land did in the 21st century.
People may still want to hear those stories.
But it didn't catch on.
It didn't grab the attention as it may have done if it was competing on the same playing field as the 1980 show.
The next thing we need to do is let the unsuccessful thing stand on its own
and realize that show didn't catch on.
That doesn't mean any other show with a Latin cast won't catch on.
Don't impute failure to everything that might share ethnic or cultural similarities.
That's all they share. So, a stage drama with a primarily Latin cast may blow up entirely on its own,
independent of what happened with the story about wine country.
It's not the fact that the cast shares a cultural background,
or the same ethnicity, or race, or gender, or anything.
It was that one show or book, that didn't happen to catch fire.
It happens.
But what we can't do is decide,
because that one thing didn't catch on.
We won't buy anything else that shares the same ethnicity or cultural similarity.